Hey
Master Xu, stop scolding, stop scolding
Okay, okay, okay.
It is inconvenient for you.
Don't leave first
Resurrecting Xu Shijie caused me to fall from the carriage
Please resurrect Xu Shijie to death
13 Prince, don't be full of nonsense
It was you who beat me yesterday, and I couldn't even walk
How did you fall off the carriage?
Master Xu, let me ask you
Who cooks your lunch?
Naturally a cook
Then I'll kill your cook
You have lunch
Of course not.
So do you blame me or the cook?
Tell me about it.
Of course it's your fault
OK, that's fine.
Father Emperor
I did let Xiao Chan beat Xu Da yesterday
But at the same time, Lord Xu also beat Xiao Chan
Xiao Chan was seriously injured
So I can't drive.
So I had to drive myself
Just fell from the carriage
Sir, according to your statement
You murdered the prince
You don't want sophistry
That day, I was killed by your bitch
Step on the soles of your feet
Frustrated
I have no resistance at all
Come and bring things up